docs/Overview.md, before:

# Overview

The official docs for .NET Aspire is here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/dotnet/aspire/

Things to learn:
- What is service discovery?
- How to structure the application?
- How to structure the application so that multiple team can work on it?
- How to build the application?
- How to consolidate the application?
- How to configure the application?
- How to deploy the application?
- How to deploy the application to different environments?

## What is service discovery?

According to the documentation, service discovery applies a development and testing time. 

## How to structure the application?


## How to structure the application so that multiple team can work on it?


## How to build the application?


## How to consolidate the application?


## How to configure the application?




## How to deploy the application?

See: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/dotnet/aspire/deployment/azure/aca-deployment?tabs=visual-studio%2Clinux%2Cpowershell&pivots=azure-azd

Designed for containers.

```dotnetcli
azd init
```

Commit message:

More cleanup and expanding knowledge of dapr.

docs/Overview.md, after:

# Overview

The official docs for .NET Aspire is here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/dotnet/aspire/

The Github repo is at: https://github.com/dotnet/aspire

More updated samples are here: https://github.com/dotnet/aspire-samples

Things to learn:
- What is service discovery?
- How to structure the application?
- How to structure the application so that multiple team can work on it?
- How to build the application?
- How to consolidate the application?
- How to configure the application?
- How to deploy the application?
- How to deploy the application to different environments?

## What is service discovery?

According to the documentation, service discovery applies a development and testing time. 

## How to structure the application?


## How to structure the application so that multiple team can work on it?


## How to build the application?


## How to consolidate the application?


## How to configure the application?




## How to deploy the application?

See: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/dotnet/aspire/deployment/azure/aca-deployment?tabs=visual-studio%2Clinux%2Cpowershell&pivots=azure-azd

Designed for containers.

```dotnetcli
azd init
```
